Update and Expand New Developer's Guide (#1231)
pyne/pyne: docs/devsguide/new_dev_guide.rst

Even if it’s already installed, it’s probably a good idea to update to the
latest version. You can either install it as a package or via another installer
or download the source code and compile it yourself.

To download Git visit 
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git

-----------------
Installing on Mac
-----------------
On Mavericks (10.9) or above you can do this simply by trying to run git from
the Terminal the very first time. If you don’t have it installed already, it
will prompt you to install it. You might be prompted to install command line
developer tools if Xcode isn’t installed on your computer. 

If you want a more up to date version, you can also install it via a binary 
installer. An OSX Git installer is maintained and available for download at 
the http://git-scm.com/download/mac. This method will require Homebrew, which
may not already be on your device.

To Install Homebrew
```````````````````
Run the commands ::

	$ ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
	$ brew doctor
	$ brew tap brewsci/science

---------------------

> Installing on Windows

Reviewer: Has anyone actually build PyNE on Windows recently (ever?)

Reviewer: If yes, then super!!! if not, then I wonder if we should remove this section?

Author: I have not built it on Windows, but on Mac OS I found this step necessary.

Reviewer: Roger that.  Maybe we'll make an issue for someone to try it in a Windows conda environment (if we can find one).

properly labeled. ::
    $ git config --global user.name "YOUR NAME"
2. Tell Git the email address that will be associated with your Git commits. The
email you specify should be the same one found in your email settings on Github. ::
    $ git config --global user.email "YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS"
3. To contribute to the project, Fork PyNE’s `Github repository 
<https://github.com/pyne/pyne>`__.

Learn how to keep your email address hidden `here
<https://help.github.com/articles/keeping-your-email-address-private/>`__.

================
Installing PyNE:
================

There are a couple of methods outlined for downloading PyNE on this site
under `Installation <https://pyne.io/install/index.html>`__. For
developers, it is recommended that you install PyNE from the source.

Make sure that your device has all of the dependencies downloaded. You 
can check this by typing the name of the program into your command line 
followed by "-v" (e.g. $ python -v). If you are just starting as a 
developer, likely, you will not have all of the necessary components.

A particularly important detail to pay attention to is the version of

> each dependency. For example, Python is currently supported in conda

Reviewer: Do you mean "PyNE is currently supported in ...."?

Author: Yes, that was my intention. Thank you for the note

install from 2.7.\* - 3.6.*, and attempting to install with a default
version of 3.7.\* will result in errors. Setting your version to be
compatible before you begin will help ensure you are successful.

-----------------------
Creating an Environment

> -----------------------

Reviewer: This is a great addition! Thanks @nsryan2

If you already have Python installed through Anaconda, but it is not
compatible with the current version of PyNE, follow these steps to
create an environment for the conda install method.

#. Open a new shell in your terminal.
#. Run the command ::

	$ conda create -n py36 python=3.6 anaconda
        
	*  To run Python 2.7, or some other version, enter ::

			$ conda create -n py27 python=2.7 anaconda
	* "py27" serves as the name of the environment and "python=2.7"
			tells anaconda which version of Python to use in that 
			environment.
#. To enter the environment run ::

	$ conda activate py36

#. To leave enter ::
	
	$ conda deactivate

5. Before continuing with the PyNE `Conda Installation <http://pyne.io/install/
conda.html#conda>`__ ensure that the Python version is correct.

For additional support with creating and managing environments,
documentation can be found
`here
<https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-
environments.html#sharing-an-environment>`__.

==========================
Signing up for list hosts:
==========================

> Writing effective code isn’t easy. Thankfully, the PyNE developers can always be 

Reviewer: I know you didn't write this, but upon review, maybe this sets a better tone:
```suggestion
Everyone faces challenges sometimes when writing effective code. Thankfully, the PyNE developers can always be 
```
